 

 
1.    Lost and scared, the little dog ______ al
ong the streets, looking for its master. 
(A) dismissed                     (B) glided 
(C) wandered                    (D) marched ,
2.    On a sunny afternoon last month, we all took o
ff our shoes and walked on the grass with _____ feet. 
(A) bare                              (B) raw                             (C) tough                          (D) slippery ,
3.    It is both legally and _______ wrong to sp
read rumors about other people on the Internet. 
(A) morally                         (B) physically                   (C) literarily                     (D) commercially ,
4.    These warm-up exercises are designed to help pe
ople _____ their muscles and prevent injuries. 
(A) produce                        (B) connect                       (C) broaden                      (D) loosen ,
5.   Mei-ling has a very close relationship with her 
parents. She always ______ them before she makes 
important decisions. 
(A) impresses                     (B) advises                       (C) consults                      (D) motivates ,
6.   The restaurant has a _____ charge of NT$250 per pe
rson. So the four of us need to pay at least 
NT$1,000 to eat there. 
(A) definite                         (B) minimum                    (C) flexible                       (D) numerous ,
7.    At the Book Fair, exhibitors from 21 countri
es will _______ textbooks, n
ovels, and comic books. 
(A) predict                          (B) require                        (C) display                        (D) target ,
8.    Before John got on the stage to give the sp
eech, he took a deep ________ to calm himself down. 
(A) order                             (B) rest                             (C) effort                          (D) breath ,
9.   Most young people in Taiwan are not satisfied with
 a high school _____ and continue to pursue further 
education in college. 
(A) maturity                       (B) diploma                      (C) foundation                  (D) guarantee ,
10.  Residents are told not to dump all household waste _____ into the trash can; reusable materials should 
first be sorted out and recycled. 
(A) shortly                          (B) straight                       (C) forward                       (D) namely ,
11.  Kevin had been standing on a ladder trying to reach fo
r a book on the top shelf when he lost his              and 
fell to the ground. 
(A) volume                         (B) weight                        (C) balance                       (D) direction ,
12. If student enrollment continues to drop, some programs at the university may be              to reduce the 
operation costs.   
(A) relieved                        (B) eliminated                  (C) projected                    (D) accounted ,
13.  People in that remote village feed themselves by 
hunting and engaging in _____ forms of agriculture. No 
modern agricultural methods are used. 
(A) universal                      (B) splendid                      (C) primitive                    (D) courteous ,
14.  The government issued a travel _____ for Taiwanese 
in response to the outbreak of civil war in Syria. 
(A) alert                              (B) monument                  (C) exit                             (D) circulation ,
15. The baby panda Yuan Zai at the Taipei Zoo was 
separated from her mother because of a minor injury 
that occurred during her birth. She was ______ by zookeepers for a while. 
(A) departed                       (B) jailed                          (C) tended                        (D) captured ,
16
至
20 
題為題組
 
Aesop, the Greek writer of fables, 
was sitting by the roadside one day 
when a traveler asked him what 
sort of people lived in Athens. Aesop replied, “Te
ll me where you come from and what sort of people live 
there, and I’ll tell you what sort of people you’ll find 
in Athens.”      16    , the man answered, “I come from 
Argos, and there the people are all friendly, 
generous, and warm-hearted. I love them.” 
    17      this, Aesop answered, “I’m happy to tell you, 
my dear friend, that you’ll find the people of Athens 
much the same.” 
A few hours later,      18      traveler came down the road. He too stopped and asked Aesop the same 
question.   19  , Aesop made the same request. Bu
t frowning, the man answered, “I’m from Argos and 
there the people are unfriendly,      20    , and vicious. They’re thieves and murderers, all of them.” “Well, 
I’m afraid you’ll find the people of Athe
ns much the same,” replied Aesop.   
16.  (A) Amazing                     (B) Smiling                          (C) Deciding                       (D) Praying 
17.  (A) At                                (B) By                                  (C) For                                (D) Into 
18.  (A) a                                  (B) the                                  (C) other                             (D) another 
19.  (A) Again                          (B) Indeed                            (C) Together                       (D) Moreover 
20.  (A) brave                           (B) lonely                             (C) mean                             (D) skinny 
 
,
21
至
25 
題為題組
 
Every year tens of thousands of tourists visit M
ount Kilimanjaro, the highest mountain in Tanzania, 
Africa, to witness the scenes depicted in Earnest Hemingway’s
 The Snows of Kilimanjaro
. They are attracted 
by the American writer’s   21   of the millennia-ol
d glaciers. However, this tourist attraction will soon 
  22  . According to the Climate Change Group, fo
rmed by environmentalists worldwide to document the 
effects of global warming, Mount Kilim
anjaro’s snows and glaciers are melting and are      23      to disappear 
by 2020. Not only will the summit lose its tourist attr
action, but the disappearance of the snows will also 
cause major damage to the ecosystem on the dry African 
plains at its base.      24      the snow covering the 
peak, there will not be enough moisture and water to
 nourish the plants and animals below. Rising 
temperatures, an effect of global warming,      25      th
reaten the ecosystem of this mountain area. The loss of 
snows on the 5,892m peak, which have been there for 
about 11,700 years, could have disastrous effects on 
Tanzania. 
21.  (A) situations                     (B) descriptions 
(C) translations                   (D) calculations 
22.  (A) operate                        (B) expand 
(C) recover                         (D) vanish 
23.  (A) capable                        (B) ready                              (C) likely                            (D) horrible 
24.  (A) Among                        (B) Besides                          (C) Inside                           (D) Without 
25.  (A) thus                             (B) just                                 (C) instead                          (D) otherwise 
 
 
 
,
 
,
26
至
30 
題為題組
 
Most human beings actually decide 
before they think. When people encounter a complex issue and form 
an opinion, how thoroughly have they   26   all th
e important factors involved before they make their 
decisions? The answer is: not very thoroughly,      27   
  they are executives, specialized experts, or ordinary 
people in the street. Very few people, no matter how
 intelligent or experienced, can   28   all the 
possibilities or outcomes of a policy or a course of action within just a short period of time. Those who take 
pride in being decisive often try their best to consider
 all the factors beforehand.      29    , it is not unusual 
for them to come up with a decision before they have the time to do so. And      30      an opinion is formed, 
most of their thinking then is simply trying to find support for it.     
26.  (A) conveyed                     (B) examined                       (C) solved                           (D) implied 
27.  (A) whoever                      (B) because                          (C) whether                        (D) rather 
28.  (A) set out                         (B) turn out                          (C) put into practice           (D) take into account 
29.  (A) However                     (B) Furthermore 
(C) Conditionally               (D) Similarly 
30.  (A) though                         (B) unless                             (C) once                              (D) even 
 

 
,
31
至
40 
題為題組
 
In English-speaking cultures, the choice of first nam
es for children can be prompted by many factors: 
tradition, religion, nature, culture, and fashion, to name just a few. 
Certain people like to give a name that has been hande
d down in the family to show      31      for or to 
remember a relative whom they love or admire. Some fa
milies have a tradition of      32      the father’s first 
name to the first born son. In other 
families, a surname is included in the 
selection of a child’s given name to   
    33      a family surname going. It may be the mother’s maiden name, for instance. 
For a long time,      34      has also played an impor
tant role in naming children. Boys’ names such as 
John, Peter, and Thomas are chosen from the Bible. 
Girls’ names such as Faith, Patience, and Sophie 
(wisdom) are chosen because they symbolize Chri
stian qualities. However, for people who are not 
necessarily religious but are fond of nature, names      35 
    things of beauty are often favored. Flower and 
plant names like Heather, Rosemary, and Iris      36      this category. 
Another factor that has had a great      37      on the 
choice of names is the spread of culture through the 
media. People may choose a name because they are strongly      38      a character in a book or a television 
series; they may also adopt names of famous people 
or their favorite actors and actresses. Sometimes, people 
pick foreign names for their child
ren because those names are unusual and will thus make their children 
more   39   and distinctive. 
Finally, some people just pick a name the sound of which they like,      40      of its meaning, its origins, 
or its popularity. However, even these people may look at
 the calendar to pick a lucky day when they make 
their choice. 
(A) drawn to              (B) fall into                (C) impact                  (D) involving             (E) keep 
( F )  passing down      (G) regardless            (H) religion 
(I) respect                 (J) unique 
 
 
 
,
 

 
,
41
至
44 
題為題組
 
American writer Toni Morrison was born in 1931 in 
Ohio. She was raised in an African American 
family filled with songs and stories of Southern myths,
 which later shaped her prose. Her happy family life 
led to her excellent performance in school, despite the at
mosphere of racial discrimination in the society. 
After graduating from college, Morrison started to wo
rk as a teacher and got married in 1958. Several 
years later, her marriage began to fail. For a tempor
ary escape, she joined a small writers’ group, in which 
each member was required to bring a story or poem fo
r discussion. She wrote a story based on the life of a 
girl she knew in childhood who had prayed to God fo
r blue eyes. The story was well received by the group, 
but then she put it away, thinking she was done with it.   
In 1964, Morrison got divorced and devoted herself to writing. One day, she dusted off the story she had 
written for the writers’ group and decide
d to make it into a novel. She drew on her memories from childhood 
and expanded upon them using her imagination so th
at the characters developed a life of their own. 
The 
Bluest Eye 
was eventually published in 1970. From 1970 to 
1992, Morrison published five more novels. 
In her novels, Morrison brings in different elemen
ts of the African American past, their struggles, 
problems and cultural memory. In 
Song of Solomon
, for example, Morrison tells
 the story of an African 
American man and his search for iden
tity in his culture. The novels and ot
her works won her several prizes. 
In 1993, Morrison received the Nobel Prize in Litera
ture. She is the eighth woman and the first African 
American woman to win the honor.     
41.  What is the passage mainly about? 
(A) The life of black people in the U.S. 
(B) The life of an African American writer. 
(C) The history of African American culture. 
(D) The history of the Nobel Prize in Literature. 
42.  Why did Morrison join the writers’ group? 
(A) She wanted to publish 
The Bluest Eye
. 
(B) She wanted to fight racial discrimination. 
(C) She wanted to be a professional writer. 
(D) She wanted to get away from her unhappy marriage. 
43.  According to the passage, what is 
one of the themes in Morrison’s works? 
(A) A search for African American values. 
(B) Divorced black women in American society. 
(C) Songs and stories of African Americans in Ohio. 
(D) History of African Americans from the 1970s through the 1990s. 
44.  Which of the following statements is true about Toni Morrison? 
(A) She has been writing a lot since her adolescent years. 
(B) She suffered from severe racial
 discrimination in her family. 
(C) What she wrote in her novels are true stories of African Americans. 
(D) No African American woman ever received a Nobel Prize in Literature before her. 
 
 
,
 
,
45
至
48 
題為題組
 
Below is an excerpt from an interview with Zeke Ema
nuel, a health-policy expert, on his famous brothers.   
Interviewer: You’re the older brother of Rahm, the 
mayor of Chicago, and Ar
i, an extremely successful 
talent agent. And you’re a bioethicist and one 
of the architects of Obamacare. Isn’t writing a 
book about how great your family is a bit odd? 
Zeke: I don’t write a book about how great my family is
. There are lots of idiocies and foolishness—a lot to 
make fun of in the book. I wrote 
Brothers Emanuel
 because I had begun jotting stories for my kids. 
And then we began getting a lot 
of questions: What did Mom put in the cereal? Three successful 
brothers, all different areas. 
I: To what do you attribute the Emanuel brothers’ success? 
Z: I would put success in quotes. We strive. First, I think we got this striving from our mother to make the 
world a better place. A second important thing is you ne
ver rest on the last victory. There’s always more 
to do. And maybe the third important thing is my fath
er’s admonition that offense is the best defense. 
We don’t give up. 
I: Do you still not have a TV? 
Z: I don’t own a TV. I don’t own a car. I don’t Facebook. I don’t tweet. 
I: But you have four cell phones. 
Z: I’m down to two, thankfully. 
I: Your brothers are a national source of fascinati
on. Where do you think they’ll be in five years? 
Z: Ari will be a superagent running the same compan
y. Rahm would still be mayor of Chicago. I will 
probably continue to be my academic self. The one th
ing I can guarantee is none of us will have taken a 
cruise, none of us will be sitting on a beach with a pina colada. 
45.  What does Zeke Emanuel have in mind wh
en saying “What did Mom put in the cereal?” 
(A) The secret to bringing up successful kids.              (B) The recipe for a breakfast food. 
(C) The difference among the brothers.                         (D) The questions from his kids. 
46.  What does Zeke Emanuel think of the mode
rn conveniences mentioned in the interview? 
(A) Better late than never.                                              (B) Practice makes perfect. 
(C) One can live without many of them.                       (D) They are great inventions. 
47.  According to Zeke Emanuel, which of th
e following is a reason for the brothers’ success? 
(A) They defend themselves by attacking others. 
(B) They learn a lot from great people’s quotes. 
(C) They are committed to glorifying their parents. 
(D) They keep moving forward even after a big success. 
48.  Which of the following best summarizes Zeke
 Emanuel’s response to the last question? 
(A) The brothers look forward to a family trip on a cruise. 
(B) Nothing much will change in the near future for them. 
(C) Higher positions and more power will be their goals. 
(D) None of the brothers will go to the beach. 
,
49
至
52 
題為題組
 
MOOC, a massive open online course, aims at provi
ding large-scale interactive participation and open 
access via the web. In addition to traditional course ma
terials such as videos, readings, and problem sets, 
MOOCs provide interactive user forums that help 
build a community for the students, professors, and 
teaching assistants.   
MOOCs first made waves in the fall of 2011, when 
Professor Sebastian Thrun from Stanford University 
opened his graduate-level artificial intelligence course up
 to any student anywhere
, and 160,000 students in 
more than 190 countries signed up. This new breed of
 online classes is shaking up the higher education 
,
 
world in many ways. Since the courses can be taken by 
hundreds of thousands of students at the same time, 
the number of universities might decrease dramatically
. Professor Thrun has even 
envisioned a future in 
which there will only need to be 10 universities in the 
world. Perhaps the most striking thing about MOOCs, 
many of which are being taught by professors at prestigi
ous universities, is that they’re free. This is certainly 
good news for 
cash-strapped
 students. 
There is a lot of excitement and fear surrounding MOOCs. While some say free online courses are a 
great way to increase the enrollment of minority studen
ts, others have said they will leave many students 
behind. Some critics have said that MOOCs promot
e an unrealistic one-size
-fits-all model of higher 
education and that there is no replacement for true di
alogues between professors and their students. After all, 
a brain is not a computer. We are not blank hard dr
ives waiting to be filled with data. People learn from 
people they love and remember the things that arous
e emotion. Some critics worry that online students will 
miss out on the social aspects of college.   
49.  What does the word “
cash-strapped
” in the second paragraph mean? 
(A) Making a lot of money.                                           (B) Being short of money. 
(C) Being careful with money.                                      (D) Spending little money. 
50.  Which of the following is 
NOT
 one of the features of MOOCs? 
(A) It is free to take the courses.                                    (B) Many cour
ses are offered by famous universities. 
(C) Most courses address artificial intelligence.            (D) Many students can take the course at the same time. 
51.  What is the second paragraph mainly about? 
(A) The impact of MOOCs.                                           (B) The goal of MOOCs. 
(C) The size of MOOC classes.                                     (D) The cost of MOOC courses. 
52.  Which of the following is a problem of MOOCs mentioned in the passage? 
(A) The disappearance of traditional course materials. 
(B) The limited number of courses offered around the world. 
(C) The overreliance on professors from prestigious universities. 
(D) The lack of social interaction among students and professors. 
,
53
至
56 
題為題組
 
Today the car seems to make periodic leaps in progr
ess. A variety of driver assistance technologies are 
appearing on new cars. A developing
 technology called Vehicle-to-Vehicle
 communication, or V2V, is being 
tested by automotive manufacturers 
as a way to help reduce the number of
 accidents. V2V works by using 
wireless signals to send information 
back and forth between cars about their location, speed and direction, so 
that they keep safe distances from each other. Another 
new technology being tested is
 Vehicle-to-Infrastructure 
communication, or V2I. V2I would allow vehicles to co
mmunicate with road signs or traffic signals and 
provide information to the vehicle about safety issues.
 V2I could also request traffic information from a 
traffic management system and access the best possi
ble routes. Both V2V and V2I have the potential to 
reduce around 80 percent of vehicle crashes on the road. 
More and more new cars can reverse-park, read traffic signs, maintain a safe distance in steady traffic 
and brake automatically to avoid crashes. Moreover, a number of firms are creating cars that drive 
themselves to a chosen destination without a human at th
e controls. It is predicted that driverless cars will be 
ready for sale within five years. If and when cars go co
mpletely driverless, the benefits will be enormous. 
Google, which already uses prototypes of such cars to ferry its staff along Californian freeways, once put a 
blind man in a prototype and filmed him being driven 
off to buy takeaway hamburgers. If this works, huge 
numbers of elderly and disabled peopl
e can regain their personal mobilit
y. The young will not have to pay 
crippling motor insurance, because their reckless hands
 and feet will no longer touch the wheel or the 
accelerator. People who commute by car will gain hour
s each day to work, rest, or read a newspaper. 
 
 
,
 
53.  Which of the following statements is true about V2V? 
(A) V2V communication has been very well developed. 
(B) Through V2V, drivers can chat
 with each other on the road. 
(C) V2V is designed to decrease crashes by keeping safe distances. 
(D) Through V2V, a car can warn cyclists nearby of its approach. 
54.  What does “
infrastructure
” in Vehicle-to-Infrastructure refer to? 
(A) Traffic facilities and information systems.              (B
) The basic structure of roads and bridges. 
(C) Knowledge and regulations about
 safe driving.      (D) The traffic department of the government. 
55.  Which of the following is 
NOT
 a potential benefit of driverless cars? 
(A) The elderly will become more mobile.                    (B) “Drivers” can sleep in cars all the way to work. 
(C) People can race cars to their heart’s content.          (D) A blind man can get into a car and travel safely. 
56.  What can be inferred from the passage? 
(A) Cars will refuse to start if the driver is drunk.         (B) The future may be a vehicle-
accident-free era. 
(C) Everyone, including children, can afford a car.      (D) The production of driverless cars is still far away. 
