 
 
1. Posters of the local rock band were displayed in store windows to promote the sale of their _____ tickets. 
(A) journey (B) traffic (C) concert (D) record ,
2. Maria didn’t want to deliver the bad news to David about his failing the job interview. She herself was 
quite _____ about it.  
(A) awful (B) drowsy (C) tragic (D) upset ,
3. The newcomer speaks with a strong Irish _____; he must be from Ireland. 
(A) accent (B) identity (C) gratitude (D) signature ,
4. Although Maggie has been physically _____ to her wheelchair since the car accident, she does not limit 
herself to indoor activities.  
(A) ceased (B) committed (C) confined (D) conveyed ,
5. All passengers riding in cars are required to fasten their seatbelts in order to reduce the risk of _____ 
in case of an accident.  
(A) injury (B) offense (C) sacrifice (D) victim ,
6. The  principal  of  this  school  is  a  man of  exceptional _____.  He  sets  aside a  part  of his  salary for a 
scholarship fund for children from needy families. 
(A) security (B) maturity (C) facility (D) generosity ,
7. The science teacher always _____ the use of the laboratory equipment before she lets her students use 
it on their own. 
(A) tolerates (B) associates (C) demonstrates (D) exaggerates ,
8. Most of  the  area is covered  by  woods,  where  bird  species  are so _____ that  it  is  a  paradise  for 
birdwatchers. 
(A) durable (B) private (C) realistic (D) numerous ,
9. In  most  cases,  the  committee  members  can  reach  agreement  quickly. _____,  however,  they  differ 
greatly in opinion and have a hard time making decisions. 
(A) Occasionally (B) Automatically (C) Enormously (D) Innocently ,
10. Many people try to save a lot of money before _____, since having enough money would give them a 
sense of security for their future. 
(A) isolation (B) promotion (C) retirement (D) announcement ,
11. In winter, our skin tends to become dry and _____, a problem which is usually treated by applying 
lotions or creams. 
(A) alert (B) itchy (C) steady (D) flexible ,
12. Benson married Julie soon after he had _____ her heart and gained her parents’ approval. 
(A) conquered (B) estimated (C) guaranteed (D) intensified ,
13. The recent flood completely _____ my parents’ farm. The farmhouse and fruit trees were all gone and 
nothing was left. 
(A) ruined (B) cracked (C) hastened (D) neglected ,
14. The results of this survey are not reliable because the people it questioned were not a typical or _____ 
sample of the entire population that was studied.  
(A) primitive (B) spiritual (C) representative (D) informative ,
15. In  line  with  the  worldwide  green  movement, carmakers  have  been  working  hard  to  make  their  new 
models more _____ friendly to reduce pollution. 
(A) liberally (B) individually (C) financially (D) environmentally  ,16至20題為題組 
Bill  and  Sam  decided  to  kidnap  the  son  of  a  banker  to  compensate  for  their  business  loss.  They 
kidnapped the boy and hid him in a cave. They asked for a ransom of $2,000 to return the boy.   16   , 
their plan quickly got out of control. Their young captive   17    to be a mischievous boy. He viewed the 
kidnapping as a wonderful camping trip. He demanded that his kidnappers play tiring games with him, such 
as riding Bill as a horse for nine miles. Bill and Sam were soon desperate and decided to   18    the little 
terror. They lowered the price to $1,500. Yet, knowing perfectly well   19    a troublemaker his son was, 
the father refused to give them any money.   20   , he asked the kidnappers to pay him $250 to take the 
boy back. To persuade the boy to return home, Bill and Sam had to tell him that his father was taking him 
bear-hunting. The kidnappers finally handed over the boy and $250 to the banker and fled town as quickly 
as they could. 
16. (A) However (B) Otherwise (C) Furthermore (D) Accordingly 
17. (A) made believe (B) got along (C) turned out (D) felt like 
18. (A) hold on to (B) get rid of (C) make fun of (D) take advantage of 
19. (A) how (B) that (C) why (D) what 
20. (A) Namely (B) Altogether (C) Simply  (D) Instead 
,21至25題為題組 
A polygraph machine, also known as a “lie detector,” is a common part of criminal investigations. The 
instrument is used to measure   21    a person’s body reacts to questions. The theory underlying it is that 
lying is stressful, and that this stress can be measured and recorded on a polygraph machine.  
When a person takes a polygraph test, four to six wires, called sensors, are   22    to different parts of 
his body. The sensors pick up signals from the person’s blood pressure, pulse, and perspiration.   23   the 
process of questioning, all the signals are recorded on a single strip of moving paper. Once the questions 
are finished, the examiner analyzes the results to determine if the person tested   24   truthful. 
Well-trained  examiners  can  usually  detect  lying  with  a  high  degree  of   25    when  they  use  a 
polygraph.  However,  because  different  people behave differently when lying,  a  polygraph  test  is  by  no 
means perfect. 
21. (A) what (B) when (C) how (D) why 
22. (A) adapted (B) attached (C) related (D) restricted 
23. (A) Before (B) Among (C) Without (D) Throughout 
24. (A) was being (B) would be (C) was to be (D) would have been 
25. (A) quantity (B) accuracy (C) possibility (D) emergency 
,26至30題為題組 
International trade is the exchange of goods and services between countries. Trade is driven by 
different production costs in different countries, making   26    cheaper for some countries to import 
goods rather than make them. A country is said to have a comparative advantage over another when it can 
produce a commodity more cheaply. This comparative advantage is   27    by key factors of production 
such as land, capital, and labor. 
,
 
While  international trade  has long been conducted in  history,  its  economic,  social,  and  political 
importance  has  been   28    in  recent  centuries. During the 1990s, international trade grew by nearly 
8.6% each year. In the year 1990 alone, the growth in trade in services was as high as 19%. 
Today, all countries are involved in, and to varying degrees dependent on, trade with other countries. 
  29    international trade, nations would be limited to the goods and services produced within their own 
borders. Trade is certainly a main   30    force for globalization. It is also the subject of many 
international agreements that aim to govern and facilitate international trade, such as those negotiated 
through the World Trade Organization (WTO). 
26. (A) them (B) such (C) what (D) it 
27. (A) installed (B) reserved (C) opposed (D) determined 
28. (A) to the point (B) on the rise (C) off the hook (D) for the record 
29. (A) Despite (B) Between (C) Without (D) Under 
30. (A) driving (B) pulling  (C) riding (D) bringing 
 
,31至40題為題組 
Are forests always created by nature? A man from rural India proves that this is not necessarily   31  . 
Abdul Kareem, who used to be an airline ticketing agent, has a great love for the woods. Though 
he never went to college, he can talk about plants and trees like an expert. In 1977, he bought a piece 
of rocky wasteland with the   32    of growing trees on it. In the beginning, people thought he was 
  33    to waste his time and money on the land. But he simply   34    them and kept working on 
the soil and planting trees there. The land was so   35    that it had to be watered several times a day. 
Kareem had to fetch the water from a source that was a kilometer away. In the first two years, none of 
the trees he planted   36   . However, in the third year, several young trees started growing. Greatly 
  37    by the result, Kareem planted more trees and his man-made forest began to take shape.  
Kareem let his forest grow naturally, without using fertilizers or insecticides. He believed in the ability 
of nature to renew itself without the   38    of humans. That’s why he did not allow fallen leaves or twigs 
from the forest to be removed. 
After years of hard work, Kareem has not only realized his dream but also transformed a piece of 
  39   property into a beautiful forest. Today, his forest is home to 1,500 medicinal plants, 2,000 varieties 
of trees, rare birds, animals, and insects. Now, scientists from all over the world come to visit his   40  . 
They hope to find the secret of his success. 
(A) deserted (B) interference (C) vision (D) crazy (E) creation 
(F) encouraged (G) ignored (H) survived (I) dry ( J ) true 
  
,
 
 
,41至44題為題組 
In Japan, a person’s blood type is popularly believed to decide his/her temperament and personality. 
Type-A people are generally considered sensitive perfectionists and good team players, but over-anxious. 
Type Os are curious and generous but stubborn. Type ABs are artistic but mysterious and unpredictable, 
and type Bs are cheerful but eccentric, individualistic, and selfish. Though lacking scientific evidence, this 
belief is widely seen in books, magazines, and television shows. 
The blood-type belief has been used in unusual ways. The women’s softball team that won gold for 
Japan at the Beijing Olympics is reported to have used blood-type theories to customize training for each 
player.  Some  kindergartens  have  adopted teaching methods  along  blood  group  lines,  and  even  major 
companies  reportedly  make  decisions  about  assignments  based  on an employee’s blood type.  In  1990, 
Mitsubishi Electronics was reported to have announced the formation of a team composed entirely of AB 
workers, thanks to “their ability to make plans.” 
The belief even affects politics. One former prime minister considered it important enough to reveal in 
his  official  profile  that  he  was  a  type  A,  while  his  opposition  rival  was  type  B.  In  2011,  a  minister,  Ryu 
Matsumoto,  was  forced  to  resign  after  only  a  week  in  office,  when  a  bad-tempered  encounter  with  local 
officials was televised. In his resignation speech, he blamed his failings on the fact that he was blood type B. 
The  blood-type  craze,  considered  simply  harmless  fun  by  some  Japanese,  may  manifest  itself  as 
prejudice and discrimination. In fact, this seems so common that the Japanese now have a term for it: bura-
hara, meaning blood-type harassment. There are reports of discrimination leading to children being bullied, 
ending of happy relationships, and loss of job opportunities due to blood type. 
41. What is the speaker’s attitude toward the blood-type belief in Japan? 
(A) Negative. (B) Defensive. (C) Objective. (D) Encouraging. 
42. According to the examples mentioned in the passage, which blood type can we infer is the LEAST 
favored in Japan? 
(A) Type A. (B) Type B.  (C) Type O. (D) Type AB. 
43. Why did Prime Minister Ryu Matsumoto resign from office? 
(A) He revealed his rival’s blood type. 
(B) He was seen behaving rudely on TV. 
(C) He blamed his failings on local officials. 
(D) He was discriminated against because of blood type. 
44. Which field is NOT mentioned in the passage as being affected by blood-type beliefs? 
(A) Education. (B) Sports. (C) Business. (D) Medicine. 
,45至48題為題組 
Like many other five-year-olds, Jeanie Low of Houston, Texas, would use a stool to help her reach 
the bathroom sink. However, the plastic step-stool she had at home was unstable and cluttered up the small 
bathroom shared by her whole family. After learning of an invention contest held by her school that year, 
Jeanie resolved to enter the contest by creating a stool that would be a permanent fixture in the bathroom, 
and yet could be kept out of the way when not in use. 
,
 
Jeanie decided to make a stool attached to the bathroom cabinet door under the sink. She cut a plank 
of wood into two pieces, each about two feet wide and one foot long. Using metal hinges, Jeanie attached 
one piece of the wood to the front of the cabinet door, and the second piece to the first. The first piece was 
set just high enough so that when it swung out horizontally from the cabinet door, the second piece would 
swing down from the first, just touching the ground, and so serving as a support for the first piece of the 
wood. This created a convenient, sturdy platform for any person too short to reach the sink. When not in 
use, the hinges allowed the two pieces of wood to fold back up tightly against the cabinet, where they were 
held in place by magnets. Jeanie called her invention the “Kiddie Stool.” 
Jeanie’s Kiddie Stool won first place in her school’s contest. Two years later, it was awarded first 
prize again at Houston’s first annual Invention Fair. As a result, Jeanie was invited to make a number of 
public appearances with her Kiddie Stool, and was featured on local TV as well as in newspapers. Many 
people found the story of the Kiddie Stool inspiring because it showed that with imagination, anyone can 
be an inventor. 
45. Why did Jeanie Low invent the Kiddie Stool, according to the passage? 
(A) Many other five-year-olds had problems reaching the bathroom sink. 
(B) She did not think that plastic stools were tall enough for her. 
(C) The stool in her bathroom was not firm and often got in the way. 
(D) She was invited to enter an invention contest held by her school. 
46. Which of the following statements is true about how the Kiddie Stool works? 
(A) The Kiddie Stool will swing out only when the cabinet door opens. 
(B) It uses hinges and magnets to keep the wooden pieces in place. 
(C) It swings from left to right to be attached to the cabinet door. 
(D) The platform is supported by two pieces of metal. 
47. What are the characteristics of Jeanie’s Kiddie Stool? 
(A) Permanent and foldable. (B) Fragile and eye-catching. 
(C) Conventional and touching. (D) Convenient and recyclable. 
48. Which of the following sayings best captures the spirit of Jeanie Low’s story? 
(A) Failure is the mother of success. 
(B) There’s nothing new under the sun. 
(C) Necessity is the mother of invention. 
(D) Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration. 
,49至52題為題組 
Ongoing  conflicts  across  the  Middle  East  have  prevented  more  than  13  million  children  from 
attending school, according to a report published by UNICEF, the United Nations Children’s Fund. 
The report states that 40% of all children across the region are currently not receiving an education, 
which is a result of two consequences of violence: structural damage to schools and the displacement of 
populations, also called “forced migration.” Both issues result from the tide of violence that has crossed the 
region  in  recent  years.  The  report  examines nine  countries  where  a  state  of  war  has  become  the  norm. 
Across  these  countries,  violence  has  made  8,500  schools  unusable.  In  certain  cases,  communities  have 
relied on school buildings to function as shelters for the displaced, with up to nine families living in a single 
classroom in former schools across Iraq. 
,
 
The report pays particularly close attention to Syria, where a bloody civil war has displaced at least 
nine million people since the war began in 2011. With the crisis now in its fifth year, basic public services, 
including education, inside Syria have been stretched to breaking point. Within the country, the quality and 
availability of education depends on whether a particular region is suffering violence. 
The report concludes with an earnest request to international policymakers to distribute financial and 
other  resources  to  ease  the  regional  crisis.  With  more  than  13  million  children  already  driven  from 
classrooms by conflict, it is no exaggeration to say that the educational prospects of a generation of children 
are in the balance. The forces that are crushing individual lives and futures are also destroying the prospects 
for an entire region. 
49. What is this article mainly about? 
(A) Why people are moving away from their own countries. 
(B) Why there are civil wars and violence in the Middle East. 
(C) Why many schools have become shelters for displaced families. 
(D) Why many children in the Middle East are not attending school. 
50. Why is “Iraq” mentioned in the second paragraph? 
(A) To convince people that temporary housing can be easily found. 
(B) To prove that classrooms there are big enough to host many families. 
(C) To give an example of why schools are not usable for children’s learning. 
(D) To show how structural damages of school can affect the quality of education. 
51. What does the phrase “in the balance” in the last paragraph most likely mean?  
(A) Being well taken care of. (B) In an uncertain situation. 
(C) Under control by the authority. (D) Moving in the wrong direction. 
52. According to the passage, which of the following statements is true? 
(A) The war in Syria has been going on since 2011. 
(B) More than nine thousand schools have been destroyed by wars. 
(C) Thirteen million people have been forced to leave their homes in the Middle East. 
(D) Forty percent of all children in the world are not attending schools due to ongoing conflict. 
,53至56題為題組 
Many marine animals, including penguins and marine iguanas, have evolved ways to get rid of excess 
salt by using special salt-expelling glands around their tongue. However, the sea snake’s salt glands cannot 
handle the massive amounts of salt that would enter their bodies if they actually drank seawater. This poses 
a serious problem when it comes to getting enough water to drink. If seawater is not an option, how does 
this animal survive in the ocean? 
An international team of researchers focused on a population of yellow-bellied sea snakes living near 
Costa Rica, where rain often does not fall for up to seven months out of the year. Because yellow-bellied 
sea snakes usually spend all of their time far from land, rain is the animals’ only source of fresh water. 
When it rains, a thin layer of fresh water forms on top of the ocean, providing the snakes with a fleeting 
opportunity  to  lap  up  that  precious  resource.  But  during  the  dry  season  when  there  is  no  rain,  snakes 
presumably have nothing to drink. Thus, the team became interested in testing whether sea snakes became 
dehydrated at sea.  
  
,
 
The researchers collected more than 500 yellow-bellied sea snakes and weighed them. They found that 
during the dry season about half of the snakes accepted fresh water offered to them, while nearly none did 
during the wet season. A snake’s likelihood to drink also correlated  with  its  body  condition,  with  more 
withered snakes being more likely to drink, and to drink more. Finally, as predicted, snakes captured during 
the dry season contained significantly less body water than those scooped up in the rainy season. Thus, it 
seems the snake is able to endure certain degrees of dehydration in between rains. Scientists believe that 
dehydration at sea may explain the declining populations of sea snakes in some parts of the world. 
53. What is the purpose of the study described in this passage? 
(A) To test if sea snakes lose body water at sea. 
(B) To see whether sea snakes drink water offered to them. 
(C) To find out if sea snakes are greatly reduced in population. 
(D) To prove that sea snakes drink only water coming from rivers. 
54. Which of the following is true about sea snakes? 
(A) Their salt glands can remove the salt in the seawater. 
(B) They can drink seawater when it mixes with rainwater. 
(C) The ocean is like a desert to them since they don’t drink seawater. 
(D) They usually live near the coastal area where there is more fresh water. 
55. Which of the following is one of the findings of the study? 
(A) If a sea snake was dried and weak, it drank more fresh water. 
(B) If captured in the wet season, sea snakes drank a lot of fresh water. 
(C) Most of the sea snakes had lost a lot of body water when captured. 
(D) Dehydration is not a problem among sea snakes since they live at sea. 
56. What can be inferred from the study? 
(A) Sea snakes can easily survive long years of drought. 
(B) Evolution will very likely enable sea snakes to drink seawater. 
(C) Sea snakes will be the last creature affected by global warming. 
(D) The sea snakes’ population distribution is closely related to rainfall. 
